very good good I'm edited my way of
I already know that many of you know me
but to all those who do not know me
and to you also of course
tell you that
after seeing many questions
many things that they spend
and after having had
life good life the years take away
youth but they give you other things not for
example experiences
I decide first and foremost not
I am a recognized guitarist where more
he is known on youtube and thanks to
you
I am not a person who lives from the
guitar although some of you
It may seem that yes I do not have a title
I recognize I have not known nor
I played with tomatito or paco de lucia
I'm sorry is to say that I am a humble
amateur but what I have thought is
I know how it feels when
learning that I know how you feel
when he feels the impotence of moving forward and
you do not really know if that's normal
or is it normal then I want to explain
my experiences is worth 100 videos that will be
very short I'm going to title my
experience for the guitar and there we go
to talk about everything about how to discover my
first song and first chord my
first professors how to lie
the guitar and I discovered it as from
felt many times and surely that
will match many of the things
that you and you feel
so to dispel doubts I think that
I already have a channel I already have the channel
where he goes for the 400 videos or so
It is not very long and I do not intend to leave it
neither and there is enough material like
to work it but apart from everything
that is the practice I also think it is
interesting this kind of videos that
I want to do and that you should not lose or
it's not worth I really mean it with all
sincerity that
that sometimes, thank you very much
someone tell you that what is
happening then what you are feeling
is
in normal and that you will overcome based on
work importance patience and many
other things we are not going to leave here is
an explanatory video of what I want
do
and we 're going to leave it here and not thanks
single